Welcome back! Many languages would not have the functionality which will be covered in lectures to come. They could have similar things
but next parts are a bit more advanced. This is FINAL project for PART 1:: Introduction to Hands on Python. Considering this is a final
project it's complexity is going to be a bit higher. Don't be discouraged, if you feel frustrated just take a pause and try to comeback
to the problem later (Also if you feel that you are frustrated and feel like quitting consider finishing this project as once you finish it
you have done the course. Nothing will stop you from coming back later and continueing with this course). Also again I am more than 
would love to help so feel free to contact me. Again once done submit it to the Final Project1 folder by a pull request.
REMEMBER NOT TO RUN CODE WHICH YOU DO NOT KNOW WHEN TRYING SUBMITTED PROJECTS. SCAN WITH AV FIRST AS IT CAN BE A MALWARE. IF YOU
SUSPECT THAT PLEASE NOTIFY ME (notifying github staff can be a good idea too as this code could be spread through other means too
and preventing that would be a priority)SO WE CAN DEAL WITH IT.

Project outline:
Try to use everything what we hove done so far in this project. It can be a game or a useful application. I will suggest games as they do
provide a challenge similar to doing boring math/programming tasks but also contain some interesting parts and it is rewarding to play
them once you done. 
Suggestions: Tic tac toe. Minesweeper. Blackjack. Poker etc.
when doing Tic tac toe or minesweeper you can use lists and display them in multiple lines.
to print multiple values in a row consider using list comprehension or '%s %s %s ' %(variables)
Another option is to use 

from __future__ import print_function

we will talk about __future__ later in second part of the course and then

print 'stuff', end=" " #does not end print with a new line.

Try to give yourself at least a day to complete it. Make sure to limit yourself in time and plan first.
While planning use pen and paper draw how you would implement. you can use pseudocode to outline some of the more complicated parts.
Pseudocode is use of code and english. For example during lecture I used pseudocode once:

#not actual code
while comparison true:
    run code # 4spaces/tab before line to ensure that the computer can understand what code has to be run inside of the loop

If you will feel like you put too harsh limits on yourself analyze why you were unable to meet it and adjust it again.
If you feel you need additional boost in motivation break your task into goals. For example printing stuff out on the screen could be
one goal. Use SMART (Specific, Measurable, Attainable! , Realistic, Time restricted). Don't expect to finish a gta or nethack or
another giant project start small.

If you feel confident try to make a small project first and then do a bigger project in 7 days. Once done feel free to submit both
just make sure to specify 7day one.

BEST OF LUCK and feel free to contact me. Let the GOOGLE force be with you!
